doing_chores	doing chores
buying_groceries	buying groceries
cleaning	cleaning
cooking	cooking
doing_maintenance	doing maintenance
doing_the_dishes	doing the dishes
doing_the_laundry	doing the laundry
gardening	gardening
running_an_errand	running an errand
walking_the_dog	walking the dog
drinking	drinking
having_a_beer	having a beer
having_coffee	having coffee
having_tea	having tea
eating	eating
having_a_snack	having a snack
having_breakfast	having breakfast
having_dinner	having dinner
having_lunch	having lunch
exercising	exercising
cycling	cycling
dancing	dancing
hiking	hiking
jogging	jogging
playing_sports	playing sports
running	running
skiing	skiing
swimming	swimming
working_out	working out
grooming	grooming
at_the_spa	at the spa
brushing_teeth	brushing teeth
getting_a_haircut	getting a haircut
shaving	shaving
taking_a_bath	taking a bath
taking_a_shower	taking a shower
having_appointment	having appointment
inactive	inactive
day_off	day off
hanging_out	hanging out
hiding	hiding
on_vacation	on vacation
praying	praying
scheduled_holiday	scheduled holiday
sleeping	sleeping
thinking	thinking
relaxing	relaxing
fishing	fishing
gaming	gaming
going_out	going out
partying	partying
reading	reading
rehearsing	rehearsing
shopping	shopping
smoking	smoking
socializing	socializing
sunbathing	sunbathing
watching_tv	watching tv
watching_a_movie	watching a movie
talking	talking
in_real_life	in real life
on_the_phone	on the phone
on_video_phone	on video phone
traveling	traveling
commuting	commuting
cycling	cycling
driving	driving
in_a_car	in a car
on_a_bus	on a bus
on_a_plane	on a plane
on_a_train	on a train
on_a_trip	on a trip
walking	walking
working	working
coding	coding
in_a_meeting	in a meeting
studying	studying
writing	writing